Thank you all the sangha members, all the Dharma brothers and sisters. First of all, I would like
to take this opportunity to extend my very warm greetings and best wishes to all the participants
who are here.
And also I would like to thank Kenji Rinpoche as well as all the members for inviting me here and
giving us very warm and traditional welcome from our arrival here in this very beautiful monastery.
And it reminds me of a great temple so many statues and paintings and offering of this very great
joy for me to be here and to share some moments with you.
And then I've been requested to give some teachings here. So I decided to give this Mahabhguru Pad
masambhava's seven line blessing.
Because today is the 10th, especially according to some traditions, which is the fifth fundamental,
which is a very special day.
So although we did not specifically plant in this way, but it so happened, so it is very auspicious
on this day that I'll be bestowing this evening and blessing.
As you know the Buddhism came from India to Tibet in two different periods of time.
The earlier time was the great habit, Samdharajta, Mahabhguru Padmasambhava, and the Devas dharmak
im, and some of them.
So during that time innumerable teachings brought from India and translated into Tibetan.
And the first time actually I established the Devas dharmakim in Mumbai. And as Kimbrough just
mentioned that Sakya lineage is actually founded and established and flourished by the current
villages.
And so at that time onwards, the Khandagandharastha was the one of the first Tibetan to receive the
full fledged bhikshu ordination.
As Tibetans have never received the bhikshu ordination, so there were 7 persons chosen as a trial,
whether they would be able to keep all the Vinaya rules or not.
So sort of to test it, they have chosen 7 persons, so one of them is a Khandagandharastha.
And so they were all very successful in keeping their Vinaya rules.
So it was the very auspicious beginning of the created Tibetan monastery, where a number of mon
asteries, where there were hundreds and thousands of fully ordained Sangha members.
And so the earlier friends were all following the Yumma tradition, and they are all great Yumma
masters.
And then after many generations they felt the time has come now to establish a separate school.
So during the Khandagandharastha, they founded the Sakya school, and all the Yumma teachings were
concealed.
And then since then, Sakya school belongs to the New tradition. This is the second Buddhist time
that another Buddhist started translating and brought many teachings from India.
And this new Sakya school, our main monastery, which is also in the town, is also called Sakya,
because actually Sakya means the great earth, or white earth.
And then the original monastery was built in the mountain, which is shaped like an elephant, and in
the center of this has a white patch.
So the name Sakya came from that, it means the great earth.
And so this, our main monastery, also we used to say that it has three special kind of qualities.
And the first one is that a Guru Brahma Sambawara came there when he was totally within, when there
was no one there.
And he made the prophecy that in the future there will be a great monastery, and it will benefit
many florists, good dharmas, and also benefit many centipedes.
So he blessed the ground and built four stupas, one stupa on each direction.
So the very one here said actually the Sakya monastery was blessed and established, first
established by the Mahabhu, Brahma Sambawara.
And then the second specialty is the great Indian master, Atisha, who traveled from India to Tibet,
and on the way he came there in Sakya place.
Of course at that time there was nothing.
On the white earth he saw seven syllables of letters "B" and one syllable letter "C" and one "Bhum
".
And he said there will be seven emanations of the Ushri and one emanation of the Dhawara Vudeshwara
and one emanation of the Bhajar Fami.
And also in the future there will be many emanations of the deep bodhisattvas, and he did prostr
ations and made offerings.
So that was the second specialty.
And then the third is the great Rama Sakya path, Kunga Ninggog.
In one day the Mahasiddha, because the Sakya tradition has actually innumerable teachings.
And among these the most important is the Lamda, Lammi path.
It means deserved path including result. That's actually a very abbreviated way of saying.
It actually means the base path and result altogether.
So this particular teaching original source is from the Mahasiddha Vruba.
So the Mahasiddha Vruba himself appeared to the great Rama Sakya path leading to this white earth
and said that this earth belongs to me.
So he blessed. So the first one, Mahasiddha Vruta Masambhava.
Second, the Bhagavan Lattisa. And third, Mahasiddha Vruba.
So therefore, of course, we have very special connections.
And so today I am giving this. So according to the ancient or the Nyingma tradition, the teachings
are divided into three.
The long lineage, which is based on the Buddha's teachings, they pass down from one master to the
next.
And then there are treasure teachings. And then there are pure vision teachings.
And so this one is actually a treasure teaching. And they are innumerable as you are already
familiar with.
There are many innumerable treasure congress who are actually a combination of Bhagavan Masambhava
himself.
And so when the time comes, these damnations will appear and reveal the precious teachings.
So this one, the history of this particular blessing is in the seven lines, the famous seven line
world, say, Gurgaon Masambhava play.
And it is said actually, it is an invocation prayer to invite Gurgaon Masambhava for the talk of
peace offerings.
And long time ago, in India, one of the greatest monasteries here is the Nalanda.
And in the Nalanda, they had a great debate between the heretics and the Buddhists.
And the Buddhists funded mainly defeat. And so at that time, they were kind of a very desperate
situation.
And then many of the Buddhists, they had a dream. In their dream, the jakimis give the prophecy
that you will not be able to defeat the heretics.
So one new way to defeat the heretics is to invite the Gurgaon Masambhava.
And then they ask, where is he? Where is he staying?
And he's staying in a very far away, in a great, very dark cemetery.
And there's no way to invite him, they say.
And then the jakimis reply that whoever has the deep faith and devotion, the Gurgaon Masambhava
will appear.
So the fundants made a great offering on the roof of the monastery.
And with incense and also with music, they invited.
And the jakimis told the fundants to recite the seven lines of Gurgaon Masambhava's prayer.
So they decided, and then instantly the Gurgaon Masambhava appeared on the roof of the monastery.
And then through his great wisdom, he defeated all the heretics.
Then again they reached a challenge with their powers, with their magical powers.
And then the jakimis, the same Gurgaon Masambhava appeared and they were also defeated through the
magical powers also.
And then through this, they've been able to defeat the heretics and Buddha Dharma has been able to
again flourish in India.
And so since then, of course, this seven line prayer is very popular among all the teachings, among
all the monasteries, all of Tibet.
And then as Gurgaon Masambhava came to Tibet and he gave many teachings.
And then for the future, for the benefit of the future, fortunate disciples.
And he concealed many treasuries in the lakes, the mountains, and also on Earth.
And sometimes also in the minds of the special disciples.
So that when the time comes, these will be revealed.
So when Gurgaon Masambhava was staying in the southern part of Tibet, this is called the Yalu Sita.
It is a cave, very special cave.
There, the Harvi Sifuya and the Prince Muthiktambo, two of them made a great feast of them, top of
them.
And then they requested to bestow special teachings and Gurgaon Masambhava gave this particular
teaching.
And then also concealed for the benefit of the future.
The disciples, followers that he concealed in the minds of the Prince Muthiktambo.
And so then they said, actually during the last century, in the eastern part of Tibet, this Prince
's incarnation of emanation.
The actual name is Bao Shindoji, but popularly known as Apantheta.
He was the one who later, after he was one of the later treasury founders.
And so, according to his treasury teaching, this is the essence of the empowerment.
So now to receive this, as always, the very first thing is to create the right motivation.
Because whatever practice we do, whatever teachings we receive, where they eventually lead depends
on one's own motivation.
So one must have, since this is a very special and very high teaching, one must have the unique and
special motivation.
And so that is, space has no limit, so are the sentient beings.
There's no limit in sentient beings.
So the limitless sentient beings are all our very dear mother and father and so on.
Because we believe in labor, this is not the only life that we have.
We have innumerable lives, and we also will continue to have life, unless we attain the liberation
and environment.
And so the life goes on.
And so therefore every sentient being is actually very closely...